README.md, before:

[![GloBI Review by Elton](../../actions/workflows/review.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/review.yml) [![GloBI](https://api.globalbioticinteractions.org/interaction.svg?accordingTo=globi:globalbioticinteractions/pollinators-of-apocynaceae-database&refutes=true&refutes=false)](https://globalbioticinteractions.org/?accordingTo=globi:globalbioticinteractions/pollinators-of-apocynaceae-database)

Configuration to help Global Biotic Interactions (GloBI, https://globalbioticinteractions.org) index: 

Ollerton J, Liede-Schumann S, Endress ME, Meve U, Rech AR, Shuttleworth A, Keller HA, Fishbein M, Alvarado-Cárdenas LO, Amorim FW, Bernhardt P, Celep F, Chirango Y, Chiriboga-Arroyo F, Civeyrel L, Cocucci A, Cranmer L, da Silva-Batista IC, de Jager L, Deprá MS, Domingos-Melo A, Dvorsky C, Agostini K, Freitas L, Gaglianone MC, Galetto L, Gilbert M, González-Ramírez I, Gorostiague P, Goyder D, Hachuy-Filho L, Heiduk A, Howard A, Ionta G, Islas-Hernández SC, Johnson SD, Joubert L, Kaiser-Bunbury CN, Kephart S, Kidyoo A, Koptur S, Koschnitzke C, Lamborn E, Livshultz T, Machado IC, Marino S, Mema L, Mochizuki K, Morellato LPC, Mrisha CK, Muiruri EW, Nakahama N, Nascimento VT, Nuttman C, Oliveira PE, Peter CI, Punekar S, Rafferty N, Rapini A, Ren ZX, Rodríguez-Flores CI, Rosero L, Sakai S, Sazima M, Steenhuisen SL, Tan CW, Torres C, Trøjelsgaard K, Ushimaru A, Vieira MF, Wiemer AP, Yamashiro T, Nadia T, Queiroz J, Quirino Z. The diversity and evolution of pollination systems in large plant clades: Apocynaceae as a case study. Ann Bot. 2019 Jan 23;123(2):311-325. doi: 10.1093/aob/mcy127. PMID: 30099492; PMCID: PMC6344220.

More specifically, the first sheet from 

```
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6344220/bin/mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx
```

 with content id 

```
hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17
```

 was translated into

```
mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.csv
```

by extracting the first "sheet" from the suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx in comma-separated values format.



## Technical Metatadata

This section is meant for machines, not for humans.

```
<https://preston.guoda.bio> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#SoftwareAgent> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://preston.guoda.bio> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Agent> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://preston.guoda.bio> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/description> "Preston is a software program that finds, archives and provides access to biodiversity datasets."@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Activity> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/description> "A crawl event that discovers biodiversity archives."@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#startedAtTime> "2024-10-07T23:07:18.909Z"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasStartedBy> <https://preston.guoda.bio> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#usedBy> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Software> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/bibliographicCitation> "Jorrit Poelen, Icaro Alzuru, & Michael Elliott. 2018-2024. Preston: a biodiversity dataset tracker (Version 0.9.9-SNAPSHOT) [Software]. Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543"@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:0659a54f-b713-4f86-a917-5be166a14110> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Entity> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:0659a54f-b713-4f86-a917-5be166a14110> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/description> "A biodiversity dataset graph archive."@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasGeneratedBy> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#qualifiedGeneration> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#generatedAtTime> "2024-10-07T23:07:21.254Z"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Generation> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasInformedBy> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#used> <https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6344220/bin/mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6344220/bin/mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx> <http://purl.org/pav/hasVersion> <hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
```

Commit message:

add explicit mention of Pollinators of Apocynaceae Database in README.md

README.md, after:

# Pollinators of Apocynaceae Database

[![GloBI Review by Elton](../../actions/workflows/review.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/review.yml) [![GloBI](https://api.globalbioticinteractions.org/interaction.svg?accordingTo=globi:globalbioticinteractions/pollinators-of-apocynaceae-database&refutes=true&refutes=false)](https://globalbioticinteractions.org/?accordingTo=globi:globalbioticinteractions/pollinators-of-apocynaceae-database)

Configuration to help Global Biotic Interactions (GloBI, https://globalbioticinteractions.org) index Pollinators of Apocynaceae Database as described in: 

Ollerton J, Liede-Schumann S, Endress ME, Meve U, Rech AR, Shuttleworth A, Keller HA, Fishbein M, Alvarado-Cárdenas LO, Amorim FW, Bernhardt P, Celep F, Chirango Y, Chiriboga-Arroyo F, Civeyrel L, Cocucci A, Cranmer L, da Silva-Batista IC, de Jager L, Deprá MS, Domingos-Melo A, Dvorsky C, Agostini K, Freitas L, Gaglianone MC, Galetto L, Gilbert M, González-Ramírez I, Gorostiague P, Goyder D, Hachuy-Filho L, Heiduk A, Howard A, Ionta G, Islas-Hernández SC, Johnson SD, Joubert L, Kaiser-Bunbury CN, Kephart S, Kidyoo A, Koptur S, Koschnitzke C, Lamborn E, Livshultz T, Machado IC, Marino S, Mema L, Mochizuki K, Morellato LPC, Mrisha CK, Muiruri EW, Nakahama N, Nascimento VT, Nuttman C, Oliveira PE, Peter CI, Punekar S, Rafferty N, Rapini A, Ren ZX, Rodríguez-Flores CI, Rosero L, Sakai S, Sazima M, Steenhuisen SL, Tan CW, Torres C, Trøjelsgaard K, Ushimaru A, Vieira MF, Wiemer AP, Yamashiro T, Nadia T, Queiroz J, Quirino Z. The diversity and evolution of pollination systems in large plant clades: Apocynaceae as a case study. Ann Bot. 2019 Jan 23;123(2):311-325. doi: 10.1093/aob/mcy127. PMID: 30099492; PMCID: PMC6344220.

More specifically, the first sheet from 

```
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6344220/bin/mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx
```

 with content id 

```
hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17
```

 was translated into

```
mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.csv
```

by extracting the first "sheet" from the suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx in comma-separated values format.



## Technical Metatadata

This section is meant for machines, not for humans.

```
<https://preston.guoda.bio> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#SoftwareAgent> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://preston.guoda.bio> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Agent> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://preston.guoda.bio> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/description> "Preston is a software program that finds, archives and provides access to biodiversity datasets."@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Activity> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/description> "A crawl event that discovers biodiversity archives."@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#startedAtTime> "2024-10-07T23:07:18.909Z"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasStartedBy> <https://preston.guoda.bio> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#usedBy> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Software> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/bibliographicCitation> "Jorrit Poelen, Icaro Alzuru, & Michael Elliott. 2018-2024. Preston: a biodiversity dataset tracker (Version 0.9.9-SNAPSHOT) [Software]. Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.1410543"@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:0659a54f-b713-4f86-a917-5be166a14110> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Entity> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<urn:uuid:0659a54f-b713-4f86-a917-5be166a14110> <http://purl.org/dc/terms/description> "A biodiversity dataset graph archive."@en <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> .
<hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasGeneratedBy> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#qualifiedGeneration> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#generatedAtTime> "2024-10-07T23:07:21.254Z"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#Generation> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#wasInformedBy> <urn:uuid:faf9232c-0630-41c7-8511-32c916578205> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> <http://www.w3.org/ns/prov#used> <https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6344220/bin/mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6344220/bin/mcy127_suppl_supplementary_material-s02.xlsx> <http://purl.org/pav/hasVersion> <hash://sha256/b97e46916d6df97d60cb43f25db86aef7ac6beb8eceb5b78c347248b43210f17> <urn:uuid:6873ee73-2c59-42b0-9c68-66c7ff69cc79> .
```
